okay - movin little Cory la ghostly
Borenstein I will get her back okay
couldn't puta puta puta puta we're gonna
create green forest if you control of
sukiyaki t Yogi's all yoni bubbles is so
what can you see in this forest today I
am only vegan food and I'm got the flu
CT go Taunton video gets an Angie Zapata
once there was a little gorilla and
everybody loved him - me - would argue
one and sang-hyuk his mother loved him
real his mother loved him and I will
annihilate his grandma and grandpa and
his aunts and uncles loved him
hey money hello buddy some Tibetan food
Oh food and even when he was only one
day old everybody loved only Ricola
hahaha money oh hey hello
pick a bottle I've away through the
forest
Latika so to Kannada
in parrot in his tree and bread monkey
on her tree all of the little gorilla
total and one hell of a good one to Mira
yeah get that aside it isn't big boa
constrictor I thought lyrically Louis
nice was it only talk a people never had
a fight and hot drop walking tour
through the forest was there when little
girl and hid him somewhere muddy dirty
jokes a beautiful Kentucky yeah a people
lock up no longer go wash yourself
young elephant and old elephant too came
to see him after he go and you will let
it Prosser tired
mm-hmm by a lower these allowed this the
lower for him had a donkey booty level
yet
given all the hip for took him wherever
he wants to go because she loved the
little gorilla hahaha Moni don't I give
real academia phone oh I give we like
how much money would all it isn't it
Cleo did you did you can catch was just
about everybody in the green on in the
grey screen forest still love the little
gorilla then one day something happened
good luck you guys manicure T only nod
or yo-yo little coral of began to grow
chocolate an advocate a nice gesture and
grow to international and grow cotton
and wool and grow ad manager solo and
one day suit aha little gorilla was big
I'll give it to quite a slow and
everybody came and everybody's saying I
give relaying it to us or do it
happy birthday little girl ah ha ha ha
ha give laughing - ha ha and everybody
still of the him literally your dummy
article matters how much what you